[Docs][Image Embeddable] Add user-facing docs for image panel (#148054)
elastic/kibana: docs/user/dashboard/dashboard.asciidoc

.. Enter the *Panel title*, then click *Save*.

[float]
[[add-image]]
== Add image panels

> To personalize your dashboards, add your own logos and graphics. Use *Image* panel to upload images from your computer, select previously uploaded images or add images from an external link.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To personalize your dashboards, add your own logos and graphics with the *Image* panel. You can upload images from your computer, select previously uploaded images, or add images from an external link.
```

. On the dashboard, click image:images/dashboard_createNewImageButton_8.7.0.png[Create New Image button in dashboard toolbar].

> . Use image editor to add an image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Use the editor to add an image.
```

[role="screenshot"]
image::images/dashboard_addImageEditor_8.7.0.png[Add image editor]

> [NOTE]

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> ============================================================================

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> The uploaded image files can be managed in *Stack Management > Kibana > Files*. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To manage your uploaded image files, open the main menu, then click *Stack Management > Kibana > Files*. 
```

> ============================================================================

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

[WARNING]
============================================================================

> When exporting a dashboard, the uploaded image files are not exported. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you export a dashboard, the uploaded image files are not exported. 
```

> When importing a dashboard with an image panel and the image file is not available, the image panel shows a "not found" image. Such panels have to be fixed manually.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When importing a dashboard with an image panel, and the image file is unavailable, the image panel displays a `not found` warning. Such panels have to be fixed manually.
```

Reviewer: How do users manually fix broken image panels? I would add those steps here.

Author: I added a bit more details there: 

> Such panels have to be fixed manually by re-uploading the image using the panel's image editor.
